[CN-305] Add documentation for phone home (#19)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/phone-homes.adoc

= Phone Homes

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Hazelcast uses phone home data to learn about the usage of Hazelcast Platform Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Each instance of Hazelcast Platform Operator reports usage data to the Hazelcast phone home server when a Custom Resource is successfully deployed and every 24 hours after that. Hazelcast uses this data to learn about the usage of Hazelcast Platform Operator.
```

Author: :+1:

> Hazelcast Platform Operator instances call our phone home server for every Custom Resource's initial successful deployment and every 24 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{description}
```

Reviewer: Displays the contents of `description`

> **What is sent in?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What Information is Sent in a Phone Home?
```

Reviewer: It's better to use headings as these are indexed and appear in the ToC.

The following information is sent in a phone home:

* Operator version
* K8s distribution, EKS, GKE, AKS etc.
* K8s version
* Operator uptime
* UID of the operator

> * Operator installation origin, e.g Dockerhub, Red Hat Connect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Operator installation origin such as Dockerhub or Red Hat Connect
```

> * Number of created OSS Hazelcast clusters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Number of created Hazelcast Open Source clusters
```

> * Number of created EE Hazelcast clusters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Number of created Hazelcast Enterprise clusters
```

> * Number of created Management Centers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Number of created Management Center instances
```

* Average Hazelcast cluster creation latency
* Average Management Center creation latency
* Number of created Hazelcast members
* Expose Externally specific:
** Number of Hazelcast clusters where unisocket is used
** Number of Hazelcast clusters where smart client is used
** Number of Hazelcast clusters where LoadBalancer discovery is used
** Number of Hazelcast clusters where NodePort discovery is used
** Number of Hazelcast clusters where LoadBalancer member access is used
** Number of Hazelcast clusters where node external IP member access is used
** Number of Hazelcast clusters where node name member access is used

> **Disabling Phone Homes**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Disabling Phone Homes
```

> You can disable the phone home using the environment variable `PHONE_HOME_ENABLED`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable phone homes, set the `PHONE_HOME_ENABLED` environment variable to `false`.
```

> Simply add the following to the environment variable list in the deployment object in `bundle.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```yaml
- name: PHONE_HOME_ENABLED
  value: "false"
```

> **Phone Home URL**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Phone Home URL
```
